c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll.config
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.pdb
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.dll.config
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.pdb
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\carlo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebAPI\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.dll.config
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Consumidor.pdb
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Consumidor\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.dll.config
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\Produtor.pdb
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\carloshsteles\Desktop\WebAPIwithCloud\AzureCloudWorkerRole\obj\Debug\Produtor\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
